feat: add object lab (JS only) (#518)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/js-projects/quiz-game/user-stories.md

> 1. You should create an object named `questions` with three keys, `science`, `geography`, and `literature`, and the values of an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should create an object named `questions` with three keys, `science`, `geography`, and `literature`, each with the value of an empty array.
```

Just to make it a little more clear.

1. You should create at least four `question#` variables, where `#` is replaced by a number starting from `1`.
1. Each `question#` variable should be an object with the keys `question`, `choices`, and `answer`.
1. The `question` key should have the value of a string representing a question.

> 1. The `choices` key should have the value of an array containing three strings, which are alternative aswers to the question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `choices` key should have the value of an array containing three strings, which are alternative answers to the question.
```
